Your Sony I have to restart my lips.
So let's say I'm just now I'm too old for this occasion.
So I agreed to stay.
Windows will become used
as legend with a single window.
Right.
So rather got open and we are landing on Google sign a page and we clicked on link
and it's not really in the other window
the window was OK.
Yeah.
So now go to the output and see before switching.
I have given this data instead.
It says Create your own.
Is my of the window are switching.
And now you'll see the table it says right.
Google asks for your information center.
That means we have successfully switched from on Barrington's.
So that's the reason you are seeing variation in the same letter but different outputs because they
have begun to happen by these steps which during the off time Id.
OK.
So now you have to say we going to work as usual but under a train window you can go ahead and Spiderman's
click on the links.
OK.
So all the operations were getting back from us and this step will be an event as far that only.
Again if you're trying to find something better in Windows 80 now it won't go up because now isn't changing
in all.
So if you go back to bed and we know again you have to sit back and unless you sense you cannot overcome
your bed and we don't know.
So now the selenium knows only that you are on the window shade window.
You wonder how many mortifications one of the operations here and tile window.
Let's do something.
I want to get back to grade your table again.
OK.
So I just switch back into my bed and driver door switch door window.
So this time I get my bearings.
OK we got Ben and any day in the office I'm just passing in there and if I say get tangled again but
this time when I shouldn't be there you are legally OK first.
OK.
I like some kind of debugger here for kind of clarity.
Just
before switching.
OK
.
So I did say you're to perform all the operations whatever you want to take the window just what.
Same the same Lettermen that.
No I'm just showing how again the night.
And now
of the switching and switching back to bed one from this.
Finally and see this
you have begun to see that OK let's concentrate on Consolo before switching and creating your Google
account.
So after thing I was watching it fight a grass fire Information Center and switching back to Baron and
again in translating your Google ever day.
OK.
So that's how you walk by switching multiple windows with selenium.
So that's it half of this lecture.
And the window handles session.
Thank you.